Add Swift Package Manager section in `Installation` guide in `README.md` file. (#34)
auhustsinovich/Collections: README.md

## Installation

You have several options to integrate `Collections` into your project:

### Swift Package Manager

The `Collections` framework supports installation via [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/) (SPM) from version `0.3.0`. 

#### Adding `Collections` as a dependency in your Xcode project

1. Open your Xcode project.

> 1. Select "File" → "Add Packages...".

Author: thanks for noting, fixed!

> 1. In the search bar, enter the URL of the `Collections` repository: `https://github.com/auhustsinovich/Collections/`

Author: fixed.

> 1. In the search bar, enter the URL of the `Collections` repository: `https://github.com/auhustsinovich/Collections/`

Author: fixed.

> 1. In the search bar enter the URL of the `Collections` repository: `https://github.com/auhustsinovich/Collections/`.

Author: fixed!

1. Choose the dependency rule (e.g., "Up to Next Major" with the current version) and add the package.

#### Adding `Collections` to your `Package.swift`

To add `Collections` to your Swift package, include it in the `dependencies` array of your `Package.swift` file:

```swift
dependencies: [
    .package(url: "https://github.com/auhustsinovich/Collections", from: "<version>")
]
```

### Download the binary

> 1. Download the release of the `Collections.xcframework` from the GitHub releases page.

Reviewer: Please add a link to `Collections` releases page

Author: Added a link, fixed.

> 1. Add `Collections.xcframework` to your project (select the `Do Not Embed` option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add `Collections.xcframework` to your project (The `Do Not Embed` is the recommended option).
```

Author: fixed!
